docs: update untested iOS keyboard codes (#356)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/codes/_footnotes/ios-application.mdx

> Keycode is registered, but has no visible effect in tested apps (Gmail, Safari, Notes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Key press is registered, but has no visible effect in tested apps (Gmail, Safari, Notes)
```
